Template update (#63)
sanger-tol/genomenote: docs/usage.md

# sanger-tol/genomenote: Usage

> ## :warning: Please read this documentation on the sanger-tol website: [https://pipelines.tol.sanger.ac.uk/genomenote/usage](https://pipelines.tol.sanger.ac.uk/genomenote/usage)

Author: I think I copied this from `rnaseq`. I can add one too `docs/output.md` as well.

> _Documentation of pipeline parameters is generated automatically from the pipeline schema and can no longer be found in markdown files._

## Introduction

> The [sanger-tol/genomenote](https://pipelines.tol.sanger.ac.uk/genomenote) pipeline takes aligned HiC reads, creates contact maps and chromosomal grid using Cooler, and display on a [HiGlass server](https://genome-note-higlass.tol.sanger.ac.uk/app). The pipeline also collates (1) assembly information, statistics and chromosome details from NCBI datasets, (2) genome completeness from BUSCO, (3) consensus quality and k-mer completeness from MerquryFK, and (4) HiC primary mapped percentage from samtools flagstat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [sanger-tol/genomenote](https://pipelines.tol.sanger.ac.uk/genomenote) pipeline takes aligned HiC reads to create contact maps and chromosomal grid using Cooler.
These files can be displayed on a [HiGlass](http://higlass.io) server, like the one use by the [Sanger Institute](https://genome-note-higlass.tol.sanger.ac.uk/app).
The pipeline also collates (1) assembly information, statistics and chromosome details from NCBI datasets, (2) genome completeness from BUSCO, (3) consensus quality and k-mer completeness from MerquryFK, and (4) HiC primary mapped percentage from samtools flagstat.
```
